## 1.2 GitHub

起草人：张晴  审阅人：

1. GitHub注册

    Go to GitHub's Pricing page. Read the information about the different accounts GitHub offers and decide which type of account you'd like to create, then click Join GitHub for free or Upgrade your account.

    Tip: If you want more information about account types, you can read about the difference between a user and an organization account. Create personal account entry formUnder "Create your personal account," type your username, email address, and password, then click Create an account.

    Plan optionsSelect your plan type. If you're unsure about what you need, you can just select the Free account type. You can upgrade or downgrade your account at any time.

    Click Finish sign up.

2. GitHub的使用

    Using Git，Git cheatsheet，Ignoring files，Associating text editors with Git，Using Git blame to trace changes in a file，Resolving a merge conflict from the command line

3. 什么是Fork和Pull request，如何使用

    A fork is a copy of a repository that you manage. Forks let you make changes to a project without affecting the original repository. You can fetch updates from or submit changes to the original repository with pull requests.

    Any user or organization on GitHub can fork a repository. Forking a repository is similar to copying another repository, with two major differences:

    You can use a pull request to suggest changes from your fork to the original repository, also known as the upstream repository. You can bring changes from the upstream repository to your local fork by synchronizing your fork with the upstream repository. Pull requests let you tell others about changes you've pushed to a repository on GitHub. Once a pull request is opened, you can discuss and review the potential changes with collaborators and add follow-up commits before the changes are merged into the repository
